Merged guide sections into single pages (#7288)
GSA/digitalgov.gov: content/guides/accessibility-for-teams/ux-design.md

- Help your team learn about the experience of using your product with assistive technology. (Keep in mind that the way a person with a disability uses assistive tools may be very different from your experience of the tools.) This could include:
  - Ask each person on your team to turn off their mouse and trackpad and navigate the product using only their keyboard.
  - Find an appropriate [empathy prompt](https://empathyprompts.net/#diminished-problem-solving-skills) and walk your team through it.

## Tab order
### Why it's important
Do your wireframes or design mockups indicate a logical tab order for people using a keyboard, or other assistive technology, to navigate?

- Maria has tendonitis and is unable to use a mouse; instead, she uses the keyboard to navigate the web. When focus jumps randomly around the page she gets confused.

> 

Author: @bonnieAcameron I added this text break to separate content between the two lists.

Author: @bonnieAcameron Unfortunately adding white space to a bulleted list does not honor the white space. I added some text instead. Please review.

- Understand that almost everyone experiences some type of disability either permanently, temporarily, or situationally. For example: having only one arm is a permanent condition, having an arm in a cast is temporary, and holding a baby in one arm is situational – but in each case you’re restricted to completing tasks with one arm.
- Look for ways that making your product easier to use for folks with disabilities also improves the experience for everyone.
- Design for [progressive enhancement](https://articles.uie.com/progressive_enhancement/) by making sure every person is able to use your product using the most basic technologies, while layering on better experiences for those who can use them.
- When conducting user research, make sure the diversity of your participants reflects the diverse abilities, circumstances, and backgrounds of your actual users.

### Resources
- [Microsoft’s Inclusive Design Manual](https://www.microsoft.com/design/inclusive/)
- [Microsoft’s Inclusive Design Toolkit (PDF, 22 MB, 32 pages)](https://download.microsoft.com/download/b/0/d/b0d4bf87-09ce-4417-8f28-d60703d672ed/inclusive_toolkit_manual_final.pdf)

> - [Personas for Accessible UX](https://rosenfeldmedia.com/a-web-for-everyone/personas-for-accessible-ux/)

Author: Removed

- [1.3 Adaptable (Guideline)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/?showtechniques=128%2C14&currentsidebar=%23col_overview#content-structure-separation)
- [1.3.3 Sensory Characteristics](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/?showtechniques=128%2C14&currentsidebar=%23col_overview#content-structure-separation-understanding)

## Get familiar with the basic ways people use assistive technology.

- Some assistive technologies are likely only going to be used by people with specific, long-term disabilities. These include screen readers, switch devices, screen magnifiers, and others. Other kinds of assistive technologies may be more familiar to you and include voice control on your cell phone, ergonomic keyboards, or a browser’s native zoom function. People have different skill levels in how they use these technologies.

> - Take an Accessibility 101 class, such as [Udacity’s Web Accessibility class](https://www.udacity.com/course/web-accessibility--ud891), to get a baseline knowledge of accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Take an Accessibility 101 class to get a baseline knowledge of accessibility.
```

- Making sure any text in images of text is at least 14 points and has good contrast.

### Resources
- [1.1 Text Alternatives (Guideline)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/?showtechniques=11%2C111#text-equiv)
- [1.1.1 Non-text Content](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/?showtechniques=14%2C128&currentsidebar=%23col_overview#text-equiv-all)
- [1.4.5 Images of Text](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG20/quickref/#qr-visual-audio-contrast-text-presentation)

## Touch targets
{{< ring title="Why it's important" >}}
Are your touch targets large enough and easy to reach?

- Harold has gigantism due to a tumor on his pituitary gland during childhood. He has very large hands which makes small links, or links that are too close together difficult to tap on his phone. 
- Rosa checks the latest news on her phone during her morning commute on a jostling bus, often while sipping from the coffee cup in her other hand.
{{< /ring >}}

### Steps to take
- Make sure you can reach primary actions easily with either right or left thumbs, even on larger phones. Items on the bottom of the screen tend to be easier to reach.

> - Make touch targets at least 44 px or 10 mm. This will allow the target to be tapped by the average adult finger pad, which measures 10 mm. The icons may be smaller and you can work with your developer to extend padding past the icon. Pay particular attention to how [line-height affects touch target size](http://www.3needs.org/en/testing/target-size.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make touch targets at least 44 px or 10 mm. This will allow the target to be tapped by the average adult finger pad, which measures 10 mm. The icons may be smaller and you can work with your developer to extend padding past the icon. Pay particular attention to how [line-height affects touch target size](https://digital.gov/guides/mobile-principles/tap-targets/).
```
